Week 2 (and 1)
-----------------
We installed unity and unity hub and tried to load the existing scenarios. 

For the scenario, we want to focus on a scenario where there is no sidewalk and thus a pedestrian is walking on the side of the road. 
The pedestrian is walking and the car needs to pass by. 
The question is how comfortable the person sitting in the AV is with the speed and distance that the AV leaves for the passenger, as the passenger is programmed to make a step sideways. 
The question is also how comfortable is the person that needs to walk on the road with the speed of the car?

The driver inside the car can indicate when they want to pull the steering wheel and/or brake to move away from the pedestrian.
The pedestrian can indicate when it feels the need to increase the distance between the car and him/herselves.

We considered this specific scenario because there are a lot of places where there is no sidewalk and pedestrians are forced to walk on the road. For this reason, AV's should be prepared to handle these types of situations in a way that makes the pedestrian as safe and comfortable as possible.

Week 3
------------------
@Jurre: I tried to inmplement an animation of a car running past a pedestrian, however, I am not able to test it since I can not run simulations. I fail to follow the exact instructions from the github, starting with that I can not find the NetworkingManager in unity. 
I dont know if I succeed with what follows afterwards, since I cant get past step 1. Instead I tried to implement animations in github, for which I used chatgpt to help me with. I discovered how to make an animation, but I cannot test it in a simulation for the stated reasons.

This week, we held a meeting, after everyone tried to work individually on the assignment. We managed to get the simulation running for the first time. For the driving scenario plan, we want to experiment with the speed that the car drives while overtaking the pedestrian. 
The pedestrian will like the lowest speed possible since this will scare him the least, but for the traffic flow this is not ideal. Further it should be possible for an AV to push closer to the limits than humans would do, as the AV can compute quickly what is possible and not, but this may scare pedestrian. 
Therefore the experiment will consist of the car driving at different speeds and it is up to the pedestrian when he is too scared, i.e. that he does not feel safe. By varying the speed of the AV, it is possible to find a limit where the AV drives the highest speed, while maintaining a safe feeling for the pedestrian.
One member is now working on the base file, trying to have the AV drive in a straight line.

Week 4
-------------------
@Jurre: I tried to let the pedestrian follow a predefined path, but I did not find a way to do this, since the pedestrian needs to be playable, and it seems that therefor the person who plays the pedestrian needs to move himself.
This is not a problem as we can let the pedestrian spawn in a pre-defined spot and give the player the instructions to just move forward. A nice addition to this is that the player will be able to walk left and right, and this means 
that we can notice if the pedestrian is scared and wants to jump away.
For the car: I tried to let an AI car follow a path, next to the pedestrian. This worked in some of the cases. If I try to implement a new spawn point, I did not succeed to let the car move afterwards. I was able however, to change 
the path of the car if I kept the original spawnpoint. However, the car does not move towards every position, only to some of the streets it works well, for reasons I can not figure out yet. The current situation is that the car 
overtakes the pedestrian at a high speed and that the pedestrian spawns next to the road and can move from there.
